 two occurrences of the same label.
Optionaly, one can set constraints on the admissible permutations
"Shuffle" randomly permutates the lines contained in this window.
 licence (see http://www.gnu.org)
 - a negative number '-m' indicates that occurences of similar labels
 (see below) and/or specify the seed used by the random generator. (A
 frequency range, and no more than 3 successive trials with the same
 constraint to '-4' in the position of the relevant column will
 When the text is in tabular format (that is organised in columns
However, all permutations are not equiprobable.
 1. Suppose the text describes the materials for a
more than 'n' times in a row.
When constraints are specified, the default algorithm is a constructive one which will about always find a solution.
 'distractorxx' where xx is the distractor nnumber. Then, setting the
A simple filter is applied to check if the permutation fullfills the constraints.This garantees equiprobability but is a very inefficient search in the space of permutationsThis means that the algorithm will often fail to find a solution
 delimited by white-spaces), constraints can be enforced, column by
Check out the author web site (www.pallier.org) for additionnal information.
 first the item, then a label specifing the level a frequency factor
 and you want successive targets to be separated by at least 3
 column, either on the maximun number of successive lines with a
 - a positive number 'n' indicates that labels should not be repeated
If the 'Equiprob' box is checked, all permutations are equiprobable:
 'Yes', 'No'. Putting '0 2 3' in the 'constraints' field, will produce
Constraints are specified as a series of numbers, one for each column.
when the constraints are hard to fullfill.
 - a zero indicates that there are no particular constraints.
Constraints:
This program is free software distributed under the terms of the GNU
 produce the desired result.
 constant label, or on the minimum number of lines that must separate
 distractors. One column must contain the label 'target' or
 a list that has no more than 2 succesive trials with the same
2. Suppose your material contains 10 targets and 90 distractors, 
 given number, as seed, yields systematically the same permutation.)
When no constraint is specified all permutations are equiprobable.
Reports bugs to christophe.pallier@m4x.fr
 lexical decision experiment: each line might contain three columns:
 response.
shouldbe spearated by at least 'm' lines.
Examples.
 ('HF' or 'LF', for high or low frequency), and finally the response
